lieutenant sir why are we here
it's zombies again fast ones or slow
ones sir
slow thank god they're slow next stop
Pleasant Valley
Oh today we're having a super fun time
on our trip in the line in front of me
[Music]
must be something in the way
yes please care
numbers how to play tag well those
funny-looking people out there we're all
gonna die I'm gonna die Miss Caroline no
this part of the game the zombies are
not real
there's a bit scary we can't stay here
indefinitely I'm not going anywhere
you're bigger idiots than I thought and
I thought you were both the stupidest
people I've ever met my job is to keep
you safe stay here until I get back
that kind of behavior is unacceptable
let's start notice five years old and if
you can't use appropriate language with
a five-year-old I'm going to have to ask
you to disinherit wrapped it up and wait
for his class
how do you like it oh god what have I
done what's that oh I got caught in the
middle of a jam fight don't taste it
okay
[Music]